# GWT Getting Started

Adapted from the GWT [Getting Started](http://www.gwtproject.org/gettingstarted.html) example.


### Running the project

This project uses the [GWT Gradle Plugin](https://github.com/steffenschaefer/gwt-gradle-plugin). It includes a Gradle wrapper. After cloning this project, simply run

    $ ./gradlew gwtDev

to launch the GWT development mode.

The `MyWebApp.launch` is for use in Eclipse Neon.

The `pom.xml` was generated by GWT's `.webAppCreator`. I have not tested it.


### Problems with GWT facet

I _strongly_ recommend you __do NOT__ turn on the GWT facet. See [Turn on gwt facet on new app #224](https://github.com/gwt-plugins/gwt-eclipse-plugin/issues/224)

Turning on the GWT facet with the GWT Eclipse Plugin 3.0.0.201610101919 produced two Eclipse errors:

    The project was not built since its build path is incomplete. Cannot find the class file for junit.framework.TestCase. Fix the build path then try building this project  MyWebApp    Unknownm[location] Java Problem
    
    The type junit.framework.TestCase cannot be resolved. It is indirectly referenced from required .class files  MyWebAppTest.java /MyWebApp/src/test/java/com/mycompany/mywebapp/client line 12 Java Problem

Afterward turning off the facet messed up the project settings such that it no longer recognized GWT. To restore GWT to the project, I had to delete the project from Eclipse, delete the `.project` and `.classpath` files and the `.settings` directory, and reimport the project. I had a similar experience with another project as well, in addition to Eclipse reporting many more errors.
